and
hello to all guys come simple
cities or the new section and this section
let's talk about how to raise each week
a pokémon or how to do it in just
five steps faster simpler and
we will learn much better many
you asked for how to raise a pokémon
that I have to do pressure as
I can do what is the best
that pokemon then here in this section
let's talk about that pokemon every time
one different and do others are five
steps and we go with the first step the
stacks that has that pokemon that has
different than function we can give you that
pokemon there we can check what
he has good pokemon and we can get him out
the function why are we going to do that
pokemon in the case of dragon knight
has very good are both in ps as
attack as a little less defense to
speed and then treat specializes
special also very high
so our dragon knight can
do many functions properly that
doing in a little bit is the first thing
to always look at the first step is
you're looking at these pokemon and the
second step is the skills once
we are clear these that have that
pokemon we have to look at the other
part of pokemon the skill that
skills has that extra attack is not going
to give it to work this can not
pokemon in the case
unai has internal focus that avoids the
setback and compensation in the case of
connect interests more compensation
hidden ability of this pokemon since
when he has all his fish the damage
received happens to be half images a
ice radio would not take away for 4 you
would remove by 2 because it has all life
to top is always worth it when you have
feet to the top this is the second step and the
third step we go with him
the attacks obviously after looking
its stats that functions are going to achieve
that pokemon that is what has good and
then look at his ability as a second
step we have to look at as a third step
the attacks that attacks can be learned
pokemon to give it a different role or if
well they learn a lot of support attacks or
if they attack many attacks of attackers
physical or special or that acs pokemon and
thanks to that to the movements
we can know it is the third step and very
important attacks both by
egg movement as per level as per
emt is the third indispensable step and in
the dragon knight case is a bit in
what can a lot of attacks learn a
great repertoire of attacks because you can
do the support of physical attackers
of the special attacker of ha noi is what
that you want just from monaita
they learn so many that that one position
of the many attacks that dragon learns
knight
anger earthquake no fist fire and
many more do not piss me off all
attacks in just one page this is
the third step and we go with the fourth the
nature logically after they look at what
that has that pokemon the ability and
the attacks that nature is going to
play if we have some very attacks
last night we would be interested in a nature
more defensive as long as the
pokemon have good states that we have
looked before in physical defense if not no
if we do not put him in an attacker or
firm or in happy or fearful or same
of this this is the fourth step and very
important but always by steps
first the states second the skill
third the attacks and fourth the
nature that we are going to put to that
pokemon that is of fifth step what is
the last step the fifth step is the most
complicated of the pokemon once
we have clear their stats the nature that
let's play him the attacks all
there are the sips and the eps many
you will ask what the sips are and what they are
the eps for now I'm going to summarize
much the simpson k lite each pokemon
has six hips that represent each
be of the pokemon ps attack defense of
special speed attack according
and then there are the sets that are points
that you can upload to those statistics
to reach the maximum
I have an explanatory video left in the
description which explained everything happened to
step like what are the sips and what are the
eps here I'll tell you what
what you have to do with that
at least five of the six possible types
imagine that dragon is to use the
physical attacker who has the lic in life
in physical attack in defense in speed
and in special defense it will not matter if not
they have it special attack since they do not
are you using and then the ex
it depends on how you want the pokemon there
people who give him 252 sets in life for
raise life to the limit when
have the ipp that's why it's very important
the sips and 252 in physical attack always
when I have depp also the attack
physical in the case of pokemon x and pokemon
and the city ​​judge says so for tyc
inside the pokemon center I say it in the
explanatory video do not worry about not
get lost and this is the last step to
put the pokemon one hundred percent
we have ready and well done why I put
below that depends on the nature and the
mobile set will depend the eps where only
you are going to hand out you do not have fixed you do not have
have to say that all because
have the 205 gods alive or in a
situation the sausages eps in attack
physical does not depend on pokemon musset
and nature will vary
in this case if you have a bona by
example attack
attacker the physicist with angry earthquake
of dragon dance and whatever you want and fist
chrono for example you have to give in
my case if you are not being andanza
dragon you can put 256 speed
200 in physical attack and those left over in
life or do not pass the speed and put
all life all physical attack because
then you will show the speed as
you want that is your choice
but it is the fifth step and very important
to do the pokemon in five steps and
well it's pokemon in five steps just
we will create and so fast this
new situation I hope that I have
liked a lot has helped us command
very strong arms I love a lot and chao